How to Write a 1000 Word Essay: Quick Tips
We are presenting the best tips to make an eye catching essay of 1000 words as follows:

Don’t be worried about your limit of words, collect as much data as you can
Such a practice would be tedious as there is no limit f information nowadays with use of web
By collecting enough data, you would be to realize what incorporate into the last form of your exposition
Look for the supporting evidence for your rationale so that your thesis statement can be justified
Look for the sample essays, these composition are a helpful thing
When you’re finished with your outline, read it again to revise your first draft
Underline the most important parts in your information and make body sections around them
Avoid using superfluous sentences and heavy words. Use common language and easy words
Revise again and again before submitting
How Long is a 1000 Word Essay
Before writing an essay, you may wander how long is the essay of 1000 words in number of page? So, it depends on the type of document you are writing. The length of a 1000 word paper is different for blogs, magazine article and books. While writing for blogs, you use larger font and different sizes of fonts and spacing along with the images. A 1000 word essay for a magazine would take a lower space than an essay written for the purpose of blogs. Some essays are composed in one-note some are written in ms office. A standard page or office-word may contain 250 to a maximum of 1000 words depending upon the font type and size, margins and line spacing. In the proceeding sections, we have elaborated some ways to calculate how long would your 1000 word essay may take in ms office!

What is 1000 Word Essay Examples?
As you can figure out, the number of pages of your essay depends on the writing style you are going to choose, the font size and line spacing. Just follow the simple structure to calculate how many pages will your essay take depending upon the font style and size and line spacing:

So, if you are using font size of 12pt with times new roman, with single spacing and 0.5-inch margins then your essay will be ended in 1.5 to 2 pages.
If you are using font size of 12pt with times new roman, with double line spacing and 1-inch margins then your essay will be ended in 3 – 3.5 pages.
If you are using the arial type font, your font size is 12pt with single spacing then your essay will be ended in 2 pages.
When using the calibri type font, with font size is 10pt, and it has double spacing then it will take 2 pages.
These are the most common standards for essay writing you may use.
